Less money less money
Less money, less money, I was wrong.
I don't dare anymore.
I really don't have it.
I really didn't have sex with him.
Less money, my stuff is gone
My thing was lost by Zhang Chengdu, and the money is short.
Pardon me?
Zhang Chengye has you
Yes, Zhang Cheng
He made me a piece of crap
Crash crash
Get in the car. Get in the car.
Get in the car, get in the car
I want him to sit without demons
I can spare your life
But you have to promise me
Let me go. What?
Sir I listen to you
How are we going to deal with him?
Why did you bring me to your room?
Zhang Cheng, tell me
What's the matter with me?
Zhang Cheng
I can't let you go
Don't disgust me
There is no relationship between you and me
I know I've done a lot of things sorry for you in the past.
But I was forced to do that.
That guy, he hit me.
He's just not human
The person I love
In fact, it has always been you